Dynamic kubelet config is removed (#31799)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/reconfigure-kubelet.md

---

<!-- overview -->
{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.24" state="removed" >}}

{{< caution >}}
The [Dynamic Kubelet Configuration](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-node/281-dynamic-kubelet-configuration)
feature is deprecated in 1.22 and removed in 1.24.
Please switch to alternative means distributing configuration to the Nodes of your cluster.
{{< /caution >}}

[Dynamic Kubelet Configuration](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/281)

> were allowing you to change the configuration of each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allowed you to change the configuration of each
```

Please find documentation on this feature in [earlier versions of documentation](https://v1-23.docs.kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/reconfigure-kubelet/).

## Migrating from using Dynamic Kubelet Configuration

There is no recommended replacement for this feature that works generically
across various Kubernetes distributions. If you are using managed Kubernetes
version, please consult with the vendor hosting Kubernetes for the best
practices for customizing your Kubernetes. If you are using KubeAdm, refer to
[Configuring each kubelet in your cluster using kubeadm](/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/kubelet-integration/).

In order to migrate off the Dynamic Kubelet Configuration feature, the
alternative mechanism should be used to distribute kubelet configuration files.
In order to apply configuration, config file must be updated and kubelet restarted.
See the [Set Kubelet parameters via a config file](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/)
for information.

Please note, the `DynamicKubeletConfig` feature gate cannot be set on kubelet
any longer as it has no effect. For two more versions (till 1.26) the feature gate

> `DynamicKubeletConfig` will keep working on control plane to support older Nodes

Author: it is removed from kubelet so whole new version 1.24 will not have this feature. However you can still use it with older agents, we kept control plane functionality to work with those agents

> `DynamicKubeletConfig` will keep working on control plane to support older Nodes

Reviewer 2: Still I don't quite understand this. Based on the following statement, I'd assume the the feature gate is still available on `kube-apiserver` and/or the `kube-controller-manager`. I would not call that a removal of the dynamic kubelet config figure. It is partial removal.

> For two more versions (till 1.26) the feature gate`DynamicKubeletConfig` will keep working on control plane to support older Nodes.

On some other docs, people may want to treat kubelet as part of the control plane, deployed as a node agent.

Please consider revise the sentences.

> `DynamicKubeletConfig` will keep working on control plane to support older Nodes

Author: the key point here is that when you install 1.24 version of kubernetes, this feature doesn't work.

How would you suggest to reword the sentence?

> `DynamicKubeletConfig` will keep working on control plane to support older Nodes

Reviewer 2: How about:

```
Please note, the `DynamicKubeletConfig` feature gate cannot be set on a kubelet
starting v1.24 as it has no effect. However, the feature gate is not removed from
the API server or the controller manager before v1.26. This is designed for the
control plane to support nodes with older versions of kubelets and for satisfying
the [Kubernetes version skew policy](/releases/version-skew-policy/).
```

> `DynamicKubeletConfig` will keep working on control plane to support older Nodes

Author: great, applied verbatim. I thought you are asking for a bigger change, thank you for suggestion!

{{< caution >}}
The [Dynamic Kubelet Configuration](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-node/281-dynamic-kubelet-configuration)
feature is deprecated in 1.22 and removed in 1.24.
Please switch to alternative means distributing configuration to the Nodes of your cluster.
{{< /caution >}}

[Dynamic Kubelet Configuration](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/281)
allowed you to change the configuration of each
{{< glossary_tooltip text="kubelet" term_id="kubelet" >}} in a running Kubernetes cluster,
by deploying a {{< glossary_tooltip text="ConfigMap" term_id="configmap" >}} and configuring
each {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="node" >}} to use it.

Please find documentation on this feature in [earlier versions of documentation](https://v1-23.docs.kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/reconfigure-kubelet/).

## Migrating from using Dynamic Kubelet Configuration

There is no recommended replacement for this feature that works generically
across various Kubernetes distributions. If you are using managed Kubernetes
version, please consult with the vendor hosting Kubernetes for the best

> practices for customizing your Kubernetes. If you are using KubeAdm, refer to

Reviewer 3: Small typo: kubeadm

Reviewer 2: @SergeyKanzhelev
